Well, good
evening, family. Thank you for joining
me again today. We're going to go
ahead and pray, and
then
go over some of the things the Lord
showed us yesterday in prayer.
It's been
amazing praying over
President Trump and
the Valley of Decision
concerning where we are as a nation.
As yesterday's prayer time
ended, I had more time
praying and talking to the Lord
about it. He took the puzzle pieces
of everything we have been praying
over since October
and started putting them
together regarding where we are in the Valley
of Decision
concerning President Trump and the
decisions he's making. He
even
stated that he is
a businessman before he is the president,
which I thought was an interesting
statement because he is running it like
a business.
The decisions he's making are
strategic in his mind, like the chess match
I saw him
playing—how
to dominate world markets
and
the world economy,
not for mercy,
but to make America great. Just like he
has said over and over again, he's not
thinking about other nations. He has
strategic allies.
Who do you become friends with? Who
do you do business with
versus who is an enemy of America?
In doing so,
people still look at him
through the wrong lens.
I come across
very strong about some of the things I
say. I truly believe when I told you
what I was praying over about
'drinking the Kool-Aid'and the things
I've said, because so many
people only look at it as
MAGA.
I look at Trump as an instrument
being used by the Lord.
God doesn't make mistakes.
I was sweeping out my car because I
like to keep my stuff clean, and
He said to me, 'Do you believe I
make
mistakes?'I
want to ask
you all
a question: Do you
believe that God makes mistakes in the
decisions He
makes?
Do you believe you
could be a mistake?
Do you believe that everything God
does is strategic?
Are
there mistakes in your existence
or
your personality?
Do you think it's just by coincidence
that you are who you are,
or is God in everything?
Does God have a hand in everything? Is
God really that
big
that He knows
every hair on your head?
He knows your future better than you
know your past.
I saw that a lot of prophetic voices
in the past have been very selective
about
how they relay things, like Brother
Hagin.
Brother Hagin would only say things that
he was allowed to
relay;
the Holy Spirit would
not allow him to share everything
he received.
But his personality, from
what I
experienced when I was in heaven,
is very different. He was a very quiet
individual.
Even
from
that one encounter—and how
much can you go by one encounter
in
heaven—when
the Lord allowed me to have a visitation. I'm not talking to the
dead; let the elevator go to
the top. I
had
a visitation
through a portal, allowing me
to
listen and
talk to the living. They're
not dead; they're alive.
'I'm more alive
now than I've ever
been,'is
what she said to me.
I've processed this a lot.
The Lord said, 'With the
personality
I have created in you over the
course of your lifetime,
do you think I made a
mistake?'I
said,
'No, you
are
a God who would never make a
mistake.
I'm fearfully and wonderfully made in
Your image.'I know that every person
here has a special call and
has
been chosen for such a time as
this. Even
if
we do things stupidly,
the footsteps of the
righteous are ordered by the Lord.
I believe that what the devil meant for
bad, God will turn around for good
and your favor immediately if you're
seeking Him.
You can't derail your life.
No matter how bad you think you can mess
it up, God will turn what the devil
meant for bad into good
if you are just seeking Him daily.
Looking at my
personality,
I am very bold. I'm never
going to back down from anything He tells
me to say. Even if
I'm hesitant, I say, 'Here I go,
I'm going to
jump.'I
always tell my kids,
'Daddy's going to
jump.'Even
if it's not the popular
opinion,
I'm going to tell you what the Lord
tells me.
That's why I will
never
parrot other prophets.
I don't parrot words. I hear what He
tells me and say it with great
boldness.
It may mirror
other prophetic words,
but my words are not parroted.
I'm not called to be
part of an echo; I'm called to be
a
voice
yielded to Him.
I've asked Him many times if
He wants
me to say these things.
He said that
might have been
the
assignment for others back in the '50s through the '90s, but you are a
'closer.'Their
assignment was for that
generation; yours is different for your
generation.
You cannot compare your call
or
your ministry to
theirs
because
they weren't called to say
what you're called to say.
Mirroring and comparing like a
cookie cutter
is to parrot.
I've called you to stand out and be
alone.
You will say things that maybe even
the elders don't think you should say.
Fear
only what
I tell you to do. Do
not
worry;
they are not
accountable
for
your
call,
you will stand before Me
concerning what I've asked
you to do.
To be a parrot is dangerous. Similarities
are
okay,
but the Lord said people may parrot
you, but you are to stand alone.
Say what I tell you with accuracy
and boldness,
with visions that I give you. You'll
see it in the news,
and your channel will grow well over a
million in the days ahead.
I'll use you for My end-time glory.
It's not always easy to stand alone,
but I say what He tells me to say.
I know I can miss it;
I'm just human.
If I miss it, I'll be the first
to
tell you.
I have no pride in it.
You humble yourself
and keep moving.
Anybody who says they've never
missed it is a liar.
I see people miss it all the time. I
meet
people who say,
'I don't ever miss it,
Brandon.'It's
called being human.
I would love to meet some of the
men in the Bible,
like Isaiah
and Jeremiah. They were awesome
men of God, but we didn't see them
as they were growing up
or
in
their 20s. We don't have a glimpse of
that.
We know their strong points. We know the
CliffNotes,
the highlights.
That's what the Bible tells us.
It's like their
Facebook highlight reel. I'm just being
real with y'all. If they had a
Facebook highlight reel, that's what
we're reading.
This is the best. Boom. And everybody's
excited. But they don't see behind the
scenes because Facebook doesn't show you that
part, right? We don't know when people
are
having a bad day.
We don't know their struggles. We don't
know the depth of their
relationship with the Lord because we
didn't get to see that part. We got to
see the highlight reel.
And you can say that's blasphemous or
whatever; it's the truth.
We don't know everybody's
flaws and everybody's stuff. You know
why? Because we only see what the Lord
allowed us to see. And through that
passage of scripture,
you don't know when they were down. You
don't know what they went through in
their marriages or their children or
whatever.
But everybody has a story.
Everybody has a, b, c, d, and what
you have from the day you were born
to the day you die and what's in
between the dashes.
And so I separate myself
as just a man.
But as I pray
and I tell you what I feel the Father
has told me to tell you
today—as
I've prayed and interceded for
America
and what I see coming—I warned you
what the Lord showed us concerning the
economy
and
what I consider
Trump's next plan.
What did I tell you would
happen if the Supreme Court
ruled against him concerning
the tariffs?
I said he has a plan B.
He's paddling as fast as he can in the
canoe. Do you have the picture?
Can you show them?
He's paddling as fast as he can
because I said he's trying to delay the
inevitable.
But in his mind,
I
said the economy is in trouble
and there is no stopping this, right?
Yeah. Say again. 32
trillion.
I don't know why when
I switched
back to it, it said
32 million.
That's
what
it cut out. Say 32
trillion.
Okay.
So, do you hear what I'm saying? The 32
trillion.
Please don't do that because I'm on
a show and it's by the Holy Spirit. Now
listen,
I have to go back on my thoughts.
32 trillion in the hole. And I saw
Jerome
Powell saying that basically
America's economy is in trouble. And I
said the Lord will anoint Trump to do
this, and I saw a three-stranded cord
and I saw things happening with Israel
and things happening with
America's economy. And so we see this
photo right here
where I warned you of all these major
plans that I saw concerning Canada and
Mexico and all this alliance.
Well,
I'm going to put everything
together and we're going to go over
things just a little bit for
what I have seen in the last 24 hours.
As I was praying into
this weekend,
the Lord showed me Iraq. How many people
have I prayed over Iraq? I saw
Iraq and there's military bases.
There's great oil ties. There's things
that are attached to Iraq from the
United States government from when we
invaded in the early 2000s because
of the weapons of mass destruction and
all the things. Remember,
I saw the oil contracts.
I saw a lot concerning this. But if you
go back to what the Lord was showing us
in this, I saw Iran being taken back to
the stone age.
But a lot of what the Lord showed me had
to do with the tariffs.
And when the Supreme Court justice came
against the tariffs, I saw Trump saying,
'Well, it's time to do plan B.'And I
said, 'That was war.'Remember that? That
was clear back in February before they
struck Iran.
And I said, 'In the days ahead,
they will strike Iran to
combat what we see.'Do you have that
video ready? Yeah.
This one? Yep.
You can play it if you want.
If you can't, I'm going to keep talking.
Okay.
Go ahead.
This
will
help.
This was back in January.
Hold on.
Go ahead.
Play it.
'Allow
the tariffs not to happen
because that's the lifeblood of what
the plan is concerning the economy
of America,
to allow
the economy to
flourish and to go to the next level. It
would help sustain us and keep him
paddling from going over the side of the
waterfall
because the economy was in
trouble.'So,
I've been praying over these tariffs
because a plan B, if we don't
have plan A, is the tariffs. Plan B
is trying to scramble
for
what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we—if this falls
and we have to pay back trillions of
dollars to these
countries and nations—what does America do
with its economy?
This is a very hard position
with what's coming.
And as I saw Greenland, I saw Venezuela,
I saw the uprising of
these—what
Trump had a plan.
Minerals, oil
again, praying over Iran, the
oil wells in Iran to be striking the oil
wells in Iran to the BRICS
nations.
It's bigger than just the civilians on
the ground
doing this.
This is much bigger than civilians. Why?
Why did the civilians
happen?
Who instigated the civilian uprising?
How did that all happen?
How did it get so big? It's much bigger
than what I can say online.
What will happen next?
An escalation of war.
I said
if plan B doesn't take
place—sorry,
I saw plan B, and what was
plan B? I said Iran's oil wells.
How do you back the dollar? How do you
bail
yourself out? War. I saw war.
I said World War III, Venezuela,
Cuba,
an escalation of things
to
stimulate the economy.
What's the next phase? And I keep
praying into this war. I saw the
petrodollar going up, but I saw Iran's
oil refineries being attacked.
Remember
those?
That was all over the last
several months of what I've warned you,
and here we are today.
So, what the Lord told us was that
we're seeing that President Trump
would attack Venezuela first. And I
warned you how many times in videos:
pray for Venezuela. I see Venezuela. I
saw the oil wells and I said, 'He has to
stop the agreement because I saw
Venezuela and the guy with the
slick black hair joining up with
Russia.'And
then they actually had the meeting.
I was allowed to go to the meeting in
the spirit. And I said parts of North
Korea were there, Cuba was there. There
were
certain people that were in this
meeting concerning the BRICS in Russia
to try to destroy the dollar. And I
said, 'I was allowed to go to this
meeting.'Does
anybody remember me
telling you I went to the meeting in the
spirit when I was praying? I was allowed
to hear things that nobody else knew I
was hearing. I was a fly on the wall.
But the Lord allowed me to do this. Does
anybody remember this? My son's shaking
his head yes because he knows he's my
scribe. But
I love you, buddy.
He's like, 'Yeah, I do remember
this.'But
I warned you about going to the
meeting, and I went and I saw China. I
saw all these major nations there,
and Venezuela was the main target
because they wanted the oil from
Venezuela for them to back
this. And then I saw I said Trump will
go and attack there. And I
warned—it's
all on
video—and
I said it happened. Boom. They
did it in the middle of the night. He
didn't announce when he was going to do
it.
When does Trump ever announce his plan
to the public
and then follow through with it?
I just want you all to be real
right now.
When has President Trump ever announced
a plan and followed through with it very
often?
It's always a threat like a bully in the
schoolyard, right?
'You do this by this date or we're doing
this.'And
then he said, 'I would be
really stupid as a president to tell you
I'm going to attack them on
Monday.'He
said it right here.
But everybody's like, 'Well, you know, we
had a ceasefire agreement.
We had Pakistan come through and deliver
him
all of a sudden.'So, President Trump is
out there telling you
when he's going to do what he's going to
do, and you believe it.
I'm just asking you, are you really that
naive?
He's not going to tell you whenever he's
going to attack a country, telling
you that
we're going to go
in there with guns blazing. We're going to
blow up all the bridges. He's going to
do it when he feels that the troops are
safe—when
the men and women
putting their lives on the line are safe
to do it.
When he sees an opening.
Did he tell you when he was going to
attack Venezuela?
He told you afterward, when the dude was
in handcuffs walking across the
ground in New York, going to go
to his cell.
We all knew
afterward,
but none of us knew when it was going to
happen other than by the Spirit of God.
I said within the next
48 hours he's going to attack Venezuela,
and I told you exactly the date when it
was going to happen. And guess what? It
happened.
That was only by the leading of the Holy
Spirit.
I said something major is going to happen
within the next
24 hours.
In the next 24 hours, we're going
to see a major event take place.
That was on New Year's Eve.
I was interceding with y'all. And I told
you something major is about to happen.
On the third, he did what
I said. I said, "It's so strong right
now in the spirit. It feels like it's
about to happen."And guess what? Within
that timeframe, the Lord said it, and
it
happened. I have it on video, and
I'm trying to tell you what I
see coming.
All that to say this,
the next phase
is to eliminate
Iran's ability for economic growth.
Why? Because China will have to buy
their oil from somebody else and other
nations.
Who
is the number king after that
when all of a sudden Ukraine, in the
middle of the night two nights ago,
struck one of Russia's largest oil
refineries?
Suddenly
I said, "This is concerning Agenda
2030."You
can
play
the clip of the
British
Prime Minister saying, "We
will not support this. We are
for..."and
then what he said about that. Can you
play that? It was on Johnny Bravo.
Johnny Bravo does a lot of work;
he studies this and
probably spends his whole day doing
this, but Braden shows it to me and I
said, "He's following along."This is what
the Lord is telling you, this is
where we are.
And it's about saving America's
economy.
When the tariffs are
getting shot down and they said, "What do
we do now?"I saw a Plan B. Plan B is
war. And what are we going to
do? We're going to go after Iran's oil
and their infrastructure. And we're
going to set them back to the Stone Age.
But it will be under the
umbrella of "they have
weapons of mass destruction and
uranium"and
all these other things,
right? Well, they're going to make
weapons of war. Well, we've been hearing
that for 30 years plus.
Go ahead,
play this. And this is what I told you
they would say.
I saw this man with the
King
of England. And I heard and saw
Carney,
and last night I saw Carney again.
Then I saw a man that looked like
the anchor for CNN
who
is
gray-headed
and
homosexual—Anderson
Cooper. Sorry, Anderson Cooper.
And I said I saw a new leader coming
forth out of France that looks like a
man that is like Anderson Cooper.
I said I saw Emmanuel Macron's days are
numbered; he will be promoted to a
different
position, and the Lord said last
night, "You have not seen the last of
him."I
saw a homosexual leader coming
up over France last night
that looked like the same spirit that is
on Anderson Cooper.
That's what the Lord showed me,
the
same kind of mannerism. And when you say
spirit, I'm saying his mannerisms,
the way he carries himself.
You know how Anderson Cooper
on CNN carries himself a
certain way and talks like a
politician.
And this is what I saw:
someone
coming in the shadows of
Emmanuel Macron over France in the days
ahead.
Now, that's pretty raw. I'm still
praying over it.
But I saw a man that looked like
that. Now I want you to hear what he
says.
"We're clear there's been a
good deal of pressure on me to change
my position in relation to joining the
war.
And I'm not going to change my
position on the war. So whatever the
pressure, whatever the noise, I'm the
British Prime Minister and I have to act
in our national
interests."So
we
have
Johnny Bravo's permission to play
his
video.
He
talks about how he backs... Can you
show the little bit of that article? Is
there a way to show that? We'll
just
smile at Johnny
Bravo and wave at him.
I want you to see this. He's backing
right here.
Go back to
what he says about the Muslims.
After calling Muslims "the face of
modern
Britain,"this
guy is calling Muslims the modern
face of Britain.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. So
you can take him off there. So
this is what's so important about this.
When I told you that I saw the rising up
of the Mahdi and the Antichrist spirit
coming over Europe first.
Right there—can you show them that?
They
probably want you to pay
for it.
"PM
faces backlash after calling Muslims the
face of modern
Britain."I
said, "This is the Agenda 2030."But as I
saw them in Germany and whoever this
group was making sacrifices to Satan to
conjure up or
bring forth the Hitler
spirit over Europe,
they were trying to sacrifice to a
demon god to bring forth this demonic
spirit for the Mahdi to come over
Europe. And I said, "This is back at
the beginning of the year before the
Olympics."And
then they brought that ball of fire
with the pentagram in it over the
Olympics. Does anybody remember all
this?
I said, "This is what I'm talking
about."But
then I said, "They will say to Trump,
he's made his bed, now let him lie in it.
We want him to lose
midterms."And
this is the man that said it. They
want him to lose midterms to try to see
if the Democrats can impeach him. As I
saw a funneling of money from the Biden
administration to Ukraine and these
others
for bank accounts that had $24
billion in them. Do you remember
this?
I saw $24 billion. And I've said
this how many times?
There's corruption in the finances
concerning the war money.
Play that man right there,
Jamie Dimon, right there.
I want him to hear this.
Johnny Bravo,
I would encourage you. I'm not always
saying I agree with
everything he says, but he does do hard
work on this and I have to give him
props. He works his rear
off
and God bless him.
Some of the things that he finds
are really good.
"It's a very effective controlling
mechanism by the government.
All transactions done with digital
currencies will be known, which is
good for illegal activities.
But it also
means that the government has a great
deal of control. For example,
they can tax that way. They can take
your money. They can establish foreign
exchange
controls."Okay,
so what he's talking about right
there is the Beast system.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
In Europe,
they're bringing in the social
credit
scores and all the stuff, and I told you
they'll implement that where you're not able
to say certain things and they'll sue X
in the days ahead. I said they're going
to come after Elon Musk and
put great pressure on
him.
This was all the stuff
I'm telling you that is lining up with
the prophetic words I've told you
from the Holy Ghost to warn you
about what's coming, which you are not
ready for. There
are
many people not ready
for what's coming. People say,
'Brandon, you're negative.'No, I'm
telling you, the signs of the times are
all around us and you have your head in
the sand; you're not seeing what the
Holy Spirit is warning. There's a red
light flashing. Do you see the red light
flashing right now, church? It's time to
wake up.
Look around you at the signs of the
times.
They're going to bring forth
a
one-world
currency soon. You're about to see
they'll try to
implement that dollar, just like that man
was talking about, that they'll be able
to control. They're going to be able to
watch what you do with bank
wires and how you're using
crypto. It's all about control,
so it's very important that you know
this. I have such an urgency inside. You
say, 'Well, Brandon, you're
intense.'Yes,
I'm very intense because I know where we
are in my spirit. I
believe what you'll see in the days
ahead is like when President Trump
was saying we took all the oil
from Venezuela in the last couple of
months and took it to Houston to
make
gasoline; we refined it,
and it didn't cost the Americans
anything.
It's already paid for.
He
said, 'We've already made
all that money back; we're
getting it from
Venezuela through
the agreements.'Then
I saw
they would corner the market in
Venezuela,
Mexico,
Cuba, and
Colombia. Then they're going to
strike cobalt deals with
Greenland.
'Hey, we're going to take your whole
land.'We
didn't have to fire a single shot. It
was the threat, the bully in the
schoolyard
saying, 'We're going to take your
land,'and
all of a sudden, the deals
are being struck. I'm telling you,
mineral deals are coming;
I saw it.
The same thing about Canada.
It
was developing through
Panama. I told you all about
Panama; watch what happens to Panama.
Then I saw again the lights coming
forth out of Taiwan
and I saw China taking Taiwan in
retaliation, saying, 'We're taking the chips.'Not only
that, 'If you don't do what we
say, we're
going to blackmail you with
medicine.
We're not going to give you all the
medicine that you want unless you do
what we tell
you.'It's
cornering them.
I saw certain things with medicine,
heart medicine, things like that. The
Lord showed me there will be a trade
war
against
medicines
in the days ahead.
I saw this coming,
and the same with chips,
when I said Taiwan falls to
China within a couple of days
when they first strike
and
take it over.
But that's what I saw: a stone age coming
to Iran.
Then I saw Iraq
becoming like Saudi Arabia, but America
had great stakes in the oil in Iraq.
I saw gas and oil pumping out of Iraq.
But then the Lord said, 'Pray over,
remember this, the Strait next to
Turkey.'For
I saw the 'Count Dracula
guy,'the
guy that's over Turkey, put on a
cloak and he had a
brooch on his neck. I said he
becomes a tyrant with war in the days
ahead concerning the Black
Sea—what
comes in and what comes out. He was
controlling Europe,
and he and Russia were friends. If
you follow
this channel, you
remember all this.
I've warned about things
I've been praying about
concerning
Turkey.
I was shown by the Spirit of God Turkey
rising up and
massive war drums beating in the Black Sea.
I saw the man in Turkey—is
it the president?—put
on a
Count Dracula cape. He put a
massive collar up with a brooch
and
a white shirt; he
looked like one of those old Dracula
movies
with
his hair slicked
back. He looked
toward the West
at
the waterway
to get into the Ukraine area and all of
southern Europe. He was eyeing it,
and then I heard him having a meeting
with Vladimir Putin.
They were discussing how
they
were done playing the
cat-and-mouse
game.
I heard unconventional
weapons of war
being used by Putin—mega stuff.
I saw Turkey being involved to block the
waterway to get into the Black Sea.
I saw
Russia annihilating Zelensky and
doing the thing. I saw
'WW3'really
big
across Ukraine and that area, and I saw it go all over
Europe. Turkey
took
over and made
it
impossible to go into the Black Sea.
That's
why
I saw them controlling that
to try to help Russia.
I said, 'That's where they're going to
control
Europe,'and
you're going to see
an
escalation of things.
As I keep praying,
the Lord keeps downloading things to me
about the economy, America,
and
the petrodollar.
That's why I ask
you all: do you really believe he's going
to tell you when he's going to do it, or
is that a tactic to
get them to come to the table?
They're not expecting it.
It's about crippling the
economy to the point where China doesn't
buy oil from anyone else.
Everybody has to come to America
and
our allies.
This
will be so strategic. Then the
Lord said, 'Pray over
Houston,
Tuttle, and Louisiana.
Pray over your main manufacturing plants
in
America—your
grid, electric, water,
and
infrastructure.'I
saw
cities without power for up to three to
four weeks—some
longer—without
any power in America in
retaliation
to what's happening over there. I
said we have sleeper cells in
our nation.
It's putting it all together, telling
you it's because the tariffs
didn't happen like
we wanted, and the Lord said
to
intercede for this. It was the valley
of decision. Now it's all about a war of oil,
trying to keep America as the top
dog. He's a
businessman.
That's why I said pray for his mind
and
the way he's
thinking—the
instructions he's getting from
people outside of his circle,
taking counsel from the ungodly
and
being pressured. And the Lord said
to pray against those
with
an Ivy League education. Does
anybody remember that? Because we came
against that one night,
and we prayed against the Ivy League
education. I said it's because they have
corrupt communication. Harvard,
Princeton, Yale—all these Ivy League
students
have a reprobate mind because they've
been educated by people who believe in
stupid theology that is
off-base from
even what the Bible says.
And that's why I brought out the
scripture: 'These are unlearned
men.'They
marveled because they had been with
Jesus.
They knew they had been with Jesus. And
I said the key to walking in these
last days and having the mind of Christ
is being with Jesus.
You will have wisdom beyond
anyone's,
beyond your years, because you
have been endowed with the Holy Ghost
and fire. And He has given you wisdom on
how to lead in these last days.
You have to spend time with Him
because you've been with Jesus.
No matter if you say, 'Well, Brandon,
I'm so thankful that
you're here,'or
whatever—no,
you have the same ability to hear
God.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. What
does it take?
Being with Jesus.
Then when they saw the boldness of
Peter and John and perceived that they
were unlearned
and ignorant men,
they marveled and they took knowledge
of them that they had been with
Jesus—Acts
4:13.
One of my favorites right there.
I should memorize
that
because it's the whole key.
That's the whole key to your foundation
of who you are: being with Jesus,
reading your Bible, and praying every
day. And I don't care if you
have
just a 12th-grade education or whatever.
You could just be some backwoods person
and be like, 'I
know
hardly anything; I didn't hardly
pay attention in school; I was drunk half the
time,'or
whatever. I don't know.
But you just know who you are now
as
a new creation created in Christ
Jesus. I'm a new creature.
Behold, all the old has passed away;
behold, all things have become new. Who
are you? I have been with Jesus.
And you'll get things by the Spirit of
the Lord that these Ivy
League-educated
people won't have any clue about because
you have been with
Him.
And the Lord said today when I was
driving to get my mail, He said to me,
'Brandon, I want you to pray over the
worship,
for great worship songs are coming to
the ones that have been with Me.
I'm going to give the worship now.
I'm ready to release the new music that
the world has never seen before. I'm
ready to release the worship that will
break
charts—not
for a Dove Award, not for a Grammy,
not for whatever. I'm doing it because I want
to bring worship into the church
to bring down the glory,
to fill the atmosphere full of the
glory.'But
the Lord said, 'There's new
sounds coming.'I want you to hear that.
He said it to me, 'Jesus, I'm bringing
new sounds that have never been heard
before. I'm bringing worship and songs
that have never been sung
before.'This
is going to be heavenly worship that's
about to
influence
the earth.
Do you have your antenna up to catch it?
Bring the scripture back.
Now, when they saw
the boldness—how do you know when
the Spirit of the Lord is coming on you?
Because
you're bold.
They saw boldness on them.
What did they see? You have to look
at what was the fruit of the root
of being with Jesus. What was the fruit
of the root? Now when they saw the
boldness of Peter and John,
they knew right then: these guys are
bold.
They perceived they were unlearned. They
were
like, 'These guys
aren't that smart,'and
that
they
were
ignorant
men.
They marveled; they were
in
shock
and
awe,
they took knowledge of them and
they took knowledge of Him. They
were so smart and had so much Holy
Ghost on them that they were taking notes.
They had been with Jesus.
You can be with Jesus, too.
I look for Him when He talks about
sports;
He
tells me who's going to win the
championship this year.
We talk about it all the time.
He knows the things that I like to talk
about and we're friends.
I love basketball. He told me who was
going to win the championship last
night. He talked about it—I didn't tell
anybody—He
tells me things like that.
We talk about stuff. He tells me
who's going to win the NBA championship
way before. He already told me
a
couple of weeks ago.
He'll talk about it and say, 'Hey, this
is who's going to be in the
finals.'He
goes, 'You know, it's going to be a
good
game.'Wow,
I'm excited to watch it. He
says,
'Don't tell me anymore;
I want to know
before.'That
kind of gives me a roundabout,
but we just talk about things because
I
have been with Him; He's my friend
and friends talk about things.
Like I said, I look at Him more
as a companion, and even if this channel
or anything else goes away, I'm just
going to sail off, in a sense, and just
be friends with Him. I could care less.
I just look at Him
because I want people to say they
marvel because Brandon has been with
Jesus. Not because Brandon is anything
special, but because Jesus is in me.
I want people to see it;
I want them to get it themselves.
He's no respecter of persons.
You may be the best quilt maker out
there and He'll teach you a different
way to make a better quilt.
You could be the best
cowboy.
You say, 'Well, I work with cows; I
work with pigs; I work with
whatever.'I
know we're
not
supposed to eat pork,
but
it's
interesting—He'll
talk to you about chickens.
He'll talk to you about sheep. He'll
talk about,
'Hey, if you plant this over here a
little bit different, that'll grow
better because that soil is a little bit...
it's only 10 feet away,
but that right there is a good spot.
If you plant that right there,
it'll grow
better.'It
doesn't
matter.
Practice His presence.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it and
you'll be blessed.
People get ticked off at me all the time
because
He tells me investments.
He does.
And people get mad when they see I get
blessed.
But if you are with Jesus, He'll tell you
things.
So don't get mad at me when I get
blessed.
I talk about it all the time to my
family.
I said, 'Listen, this is what the Lord
said to do.'And do you know
I've tried to obey Him every single
step of the way? Even
when
people go, 'Well,
who are you?'Do you know I used to
stand in front of some of the biggest
businessmen in all
of a place
and they would ask me questions?
Now,
do I have everything always down?
But people can see when you've been with
Jesus.
I know I can miss it,
but I just marvel because He has a
topic about everything.
He'll talk about the birds, the flowers, He'll talk...
I love my flowers,
ferns, and
greenery.
I'll spend hours just being quiet,
and I teach my little girl, Paisley;
she'll
come up beside me and I say, 'Listen,
if you're going to be in this zone, this
is where we don't talk.
This is where we listen.'And I teach
her to listen. This
is
not where we talk. I spend time
in
quiet. You have to be quiet. God
is
not going to compete with you.
He's not going to try to overpower you.
He's a gentleman,
but if you're always running your mouth,
He's not going to talk. Shh.
Be still when you're outside.
He'll talk to you. And I always make an
atmosphere for Him to speak to me.
And I'll pray in the Spirit. Just pray
softly. You don't have to be yelling in
tongues with everybody
in the neighborhood looking at you
going, 'What is going on with that
dude?'I
just pray softly to myself. Worship.
Worship. Thank You, Jesus. I try to
continually stay in the flow of the
river
because I told Diana it's always
flowing.
He's always talking.
The Holy Spirit is always talking to you
and leading you. There's no end to it
if you are sensitive to it.
He'll tell you everything.
All that you say in
word and deed, we give all to the glory
of God. I even talked to Pastor Chip. He
said,
"You know, Brandon, he'll even tell
you about sports."I said, "Yes,
he does. He talks about sports,
Pastor."And
he, Pastor Chip, is a coach at
heart, Champions for Christ. He's all
into it,
and he loves to talk about sports. He
loves baseball. He loves
things like that, you know,
football. He loves the Chicago Bears. And
the Lord will sit down and
just listen and talk about things:
"How do you become
better?"He
wants you to be a champion on every
single level of your
life—to
be the head and not the tail, above
and not beneath. But we have made him into
some kind of religious figure that we
can't talk to.
And God is an ever-present help
in a time of need. And guess what?
I'm always in need
of him.
I don't think I ever don't need him. Do you? Do you not need him?
If you don't,
you're in trouble.
He's an ever-present help in a time of
need. I'm always in need of him.
I don't care who you are; I need him in
everything.
Tell me,
teach me how to drive my car better
to get better gas mileage.
Teach me when I'm going down,
and he'll say, "You know, you didn't
handle that real well."He just
corrected me even on how I was cranky
with
Braden just a second ago. He said, "You owe an apology. Oh, you
owe him an
apology."I'm
sorry,
Braden; I shouldn't be so cranky. It's
the truth.
He corrects me all the time, but he's
always tugging my heart: "You need to be
more kind. You need to be more patient.
You need to walk in
love."I'm
always wanting to incline
my ear to him
so that my kids learn to operate the
same way.
And you know what? He has an opinion
about everybody I talk to.
There's some people I get off the phone
with and he says, "They're in trouble.
They won't make it
because they're not doing this and this
and
this."I
said, "Well, what do
you—it's
none of your business.
They didn't ask for your advice.
They didn't ask for your advice. And if
you gave them your advice,
it's not them getting it from me;
it's getting it from you."There's so
much correction about it. But he always
has an opinion about everything.
And I love how he talks about
Billy Burke.
I know, y'all, every time I talk to
the Lord—that's
my
friend—and
I am not a person who brown-noses.
I tell you that; I'm just telling you the
flat truth.
He'll say, "That's my friend."This
is what
this is, and the way he
instructs about certain people.
If he ever says—and there's times he
has—"I
don't know them.
I don't know them.
What they're saying is a lie.
They're fake.
They're two-faced.
They're not all in for me.
Be cautious of
them."And
he'll say certain things to me,
warning me,
"Protect yourself against that
individual. Don't allow him in too
close."What
does he say about you?
Are you thinking you're hiding something
from him?
When you're trying to hide stuff from
everybody else,
maybe they can't see it, but he can.
What do you display in the spirit realm
and your fragrance? What is your
fragrance?
Do you stink?
And the only way we're upright and the
only way we're able to be right is
by
always being underneath that
blood.
I take communion all the time. And I
know God, I can't do this on my own.
So if he's warning
him
about me and somebody said, "Well,
Brandon,
this is what we say about
you."I'm
not here to lie to
you. I know I realize I've got
something
I'm going
through.
But I ask him to search me and know me:
"Create in me a clean heart.
Fix it.
Fix
it."But
I want when I get done that
just like they marveled.
They marveled because they had been with
Jesus.
Do people marvel
after you leave because you have been
with Jesus?
Or do they say, "Man, she is a Sister
Clipboard. Woo,
that girl right there has a Jezebel
spirit.
Does she have a Delilah spirit? Does
she have, or does he have some kind
of—I
have to go and take a bath."I feel
nothing,
and I can walk up to a sweet old lady in
the back row and she has presence.
She's just an intercessor in the church,
a
sweet little black lady. He told
me about a sweet little black lady; she
walked to him and he said, "My goodness,
lady, you have
it."You
know why? Because presence knows
presence.
Does it make sense what I'm saying?
Is it okay?
Presence knows presence.
And that sweet little black lady on the
back row of this
building—his
meeting he was
holding—he
walked up to this woman and he
grabbed a hold of her hand. And the
moment he grabbed her hand, there was
impartation
because what she was carrying was what
he was carrying. And iron sharpens
iron. But you can always tell when
somebody's been with Jesus. And
this was just a little old
lady.
It wasn't the big preacher on the front
row.
It was a little old lady.
She had been with Jesus.
And you can marvel at it. So I don't
care if you're sitting on the back row
or the front row or in between.
Fragrance and presence follows you.
When you stay with Jesus,
there's no pretending.
You can't pray at it.
It is a fragrance
and it is a taste.
What does your fruit taste like?
What do you—"Taste and see that
the Lord is good"—but what do people
taste when they're around you?
Insecurity, pride, jealousy,
bitterness, anger,
or
all the fruits of the Spirit? What do
they taste when they're around you? What
fragrance do you bring when
you walk in a room? You can tell when
there's strife in a room.
When you're bickering with your
wife and you come in a room, you
can tell when an atmosphere is charged
with anger. You can go, "There's
something bad been up in here.
Something's going on."I can walk into a
house that I'm looking at and I can
feel critters,
and I can feel them push on you
and I say, "Uh, there's devils in this
house."They
know when I'm there.
But
when I walk in a house and you feel
the presence
and you go, "There's such a sweet
fragrance."We
had an individual come by and
eat dinner with us
and they sat on the couch and they
fell asleep.
I try very hard to keep strife out.
You let that fragrance and
even when I say, "What do you feel when
you come to my house?
What do you feel when you go to somebody
else's house?"When they walk in your
home, what do you feel? Do demons push
against you?
Have you let critters in your house?
What is so tangible in your home?
I've been into some houses I can't
wait to leave. I'm like, "I have got to
get out of
here."I've
been into churches that I
feel
that.
I said, "I got to get out of here right
now."It
pushes.
But I'm trying to tell you, when you
have him,
there is a peace that passes all
understanding
and there's so much love and there's so
much joy
that will overflow your life, but you
will be a carrier of it.
You can feel presence. That's what I'm
trying to tell you.
Out of the overflow,
that's why I try to be around certain
people. I say, "My goodness, I feel his
presence around you.
I'll sow into
it."I'm
always curious about when somebody
gives me money, especially when somebody
wants to bless my family on this
channel
and I pray. I never ask for a dime.
Never ask for a dime and never will.
But there's people that feel led to give
to us and say, "Hey, I feel led to help
you."And
I say,
"Okay."But
I always take and pray over their
stuff. And I spend a lot of time
and my wife will write them a
letter or whatever,
but I lay my hands on it and I
intercede and I ask for God to multiply
it because I look at it as special
that somebody would work really hard to
try to help me.
So I always take it, and my
kids—Paisley
and my son and everybody—we all
lay hands on it, take communion over
it,
and I pray over the money and I
say, "God, bless
this."But
I never know if my ground's good
because
how do you test your own ground? But
I had a lady write a letter today and
she said,
"Ever since I started blessing your
ministry,
I've paid off all this stuff.
I paid off my boat.""I paid off my RV
that I had."She said, "I'm almost
completely debt-free or whatever
it was. I paid for all this
stuff, and she said, 'I'm
only a little bit until I'm debt-free
with my house.'"And she said, "I believe
it was because we gave to the
ground."That
blessed me a lot today.
Like I said,
I'm
always curious about it.
I know when I sow into certain ground, I
know good ground. I test everybody's
ground, and if I don't see good fruit in
that ground, I don't give there.
I don't always try to be polite
about it; I'm just real.
Because
the Lord always said
to me, "Brandon,
don't ever give
out of a feeling of necessity
into certain ground. Always give
whenever you're led by me.
Money with a mission.
Sow where I tell you to sow because not
all ground will produce.
Some ground is full of rocks. Some
ground doesn't produce at all. But
I want you to be strategic
in your giving and the soil that I tell
you to give
into."So
I pray about it a lot,
and I sow into the ground. There's
some ground that I give to and I
never get fruit
back—not
very much.
But then he says, "Give over
here,"and
it's fresh manure,
and I'll get back a good harvest. He'll
give me an idea. He'll tell me, "Go to
this thrift
store,"and
usually it's in Edmond.
"I want you to drive there."And there's a
bunch of
Brioni,
a bunch of Chanel, and a
bunch of this. A lady just dropped
it off.
"I want you to go in there,
and you're going to make enough to pay
all your bills for the
month."I
pray in the spirit
and the Lord says, "Go over
there."So
I sow the seed and I believe for
my need.
The Lord
says,
"I want you to buy that.
There's a lawnmower over here that is a
good Honda lawnmower and you can flip
it. Put it on
Craigslist."So,
I buy it for real cheap at the
garage sale,
put it on Craigslist, and flip
it, making a couple hundred bucks.
It's just following his voice.
That's why I'm always
pressing and asking him,
"Show
me."Then
he started teaching me about
crypto
and
about other things
like
cars. "This car
over here, you can flip that car. It
just needs a timing belt."There have been
times he'll say, "The man with the
white shirt is going to knock on the
door, and that's the man who will buy the car
today."I
see the man with the white shirt.
He's a Spanish man.
He said, "This Hispanic man will
knock on the
door."I
paid $800 for the car back
then.
My dad put
the new timing belt on it and
whatever else
it needed.
I sold it for $3,500. This was years
ago, and that's how
it's always happened. I listen.
If you have an art
of listening and praying, he'll teach
you.
But a lot of people are always looking
for a handout. They're always looking
for that mailbox mentality of a miracle
because of what you've been taught at
the charismatic shake and bake.
I'm not into all that.
I sow into strategic ground,
and I believe that God will bless my
hands. I'm
not
looking to people for
a
handout. I look to say, "God, show me
what I can
do."You
go into a store, they have a
75% off sale,
and you buy the rack of clothes.
He goes, "Now flip that. Wait until
spring of next
year."Sure
enough,
what was on sale in 2023
becomes full price in 2024.
And they don't know the difference.
I'm
not trying to deceive
them, but they wanted the shirt.
Do you know what I'm saying?
You have to use wisdom in these last
days.
I'm telling you, God will take the
foolish things of the world to confound
the wise
if you just
listen to him.
So there you go.
You want to pray with me for a little
bit?
We can pray,
and we'll pray over the nation. We'll
pray over President Trump and
the
decisions of what he's really
doing—not
what he's telling you on TV.
Don't be naive.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
You must come up higher in your
spiritual walk with him.
Stop being so naturally minded;
you must think higher.
He'll tell you the secret things if you
just spend time with him.
What you're hearing on the news
right now is not what's really
happening.
If you're following the news, you're already
too late.
Braden
always
giggles because he knows what
Daddy's thinking. I'm raising
him so
that
whenever he gets married, his wife is
going to have a good man.
I kid you not. He knows how to pray in
the spirit and how to do things.
He is a very educated kid,
especially biblically and prophetically.
He is well-rounded;
I have poured myself into
him.
I always say,
"I will shelter you from
any kind of harlot."We're not going to
let any Delilah come up in here.
You better listen to
me.
You're going to have Jesus
all over you before you come around, my
boy.
It's only Jesus up in here. We don't
have time for harlots.
Father, we just thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for your goodness
and your mercy tonight. We take the
body, Father. We're so grateful
for all that you've done for
us—that
you'll teach us the secret
things
that nobody else looks at
because we have been with you.
You'll teach us how to cure things
through herbs.
So many times, he'll tell me about
herbs,
roots,
and berries. He said, "Brandon, I gave the
herbs for the service of man."He
talks about it in Genesis. He said,
"So many people don't
realize what's out
there."I'll
pray in the spirit, and he'll
tell me exactly how to fix certain
things.
It's interesting,
even when it comes to
my little
girl's
new dog.
Do you want to show them the dog after
we pray?
Yeah, go get the dog. I'll let them see
it.
Father, I take this body. We take it and
we
lift it up before you. We thank you,
Father, that no weapon formed against us
would prosper.
We receive
your healing, and it's already been done.
You took it all for us, and we're so
grateful that we are healed,
whole, and well by your stripes.
In Jesus'name, amen and amen.
Father,
we plead the blood of Jesus
over us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood. You
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. Come here, honey;
this is my new baby.
Father, we take communion.
Father, we take the blood right now;
we apply the blood even over Stella. We
bless her.
Is the internet out again? I don't
know.
Stay here and pray with me.
Father, we thank you for the blood. We
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us.
We thank you, Father, that it never
loses its power. We plead the blood
of Jesus over this house right now and
everything that you have for us tonight.
I don't think Starlink
is
hooked up outside, son.
Did it just drop us?
Is it gone?